my back he's got coolant all
over the ground i was just
wondering if you just double up
and keep going around on part
because we're almost here
even in the delivery finished
the delivery going to look at
this thing will come back here
with at least one strap pick
this up and I'll drag you home
tonight
yeah that's how we work in pairs
we help each other out
you know wherever we need a
extra hand here but today it
looks like I'm going to be
needing the hand to get back
home I don't think we're gonna
have time today to stop and
direct everything but that's
alright
it adds an extra day to what we
want to be doing but they're the
kind of people that could put
out that extra
turned out better than I thought
actually and this guy here in
one piece
I'll get a little shaky but will
reinforce it again just because
we're snow machine down don't
mean we can finish up with what
we started we finish the job now
we go back and go start a new
unexpected job will be a
mechanic ii will get this home
will call it a day long day
already this morning was long
enough this afternoon was long
enough we still got a 40 mile
ride home